# C Coursework

All 6 stages are completed in this coursework. The robot is displayed as a triangle and home is a green cell in the grid. Obstacles are black cells and markers are Koch Snowflake in cells. 15 walls and 5 markers are randomly generated successively on runtime, though neither will be beside the home cell and reachability of markers are ensured. The robot is controlled by a search algorithm called depth_first_search. It does not resemble standard depth first search algorithm but is a similar one adpated for this coursework. When robot picks up a marker, its colour change from blue to red. It then traces back to home by the exact steps it went through. However, if the robot moves into a cell that is beside the home cell, it immediately goes back to the home cell without tracing back to the previous steps. 

# Complication and running the program

To compile, you should input the following command:
gcc main.c graphics.c background.c generator.c stack.c robot.c

to run the program on Mac, input the following command, the default starting position is (0,0) and the robot facing North:
./a.out | java -jar drawapp-2.0.jar
to customise the starting position and robot direction, for example starting at (4,8) and facing South, input the following:
./a.out 4 8 South | java -jar drawapp-2.0.jar

to run the program on Windows, you should replace ./a.out to .\a.exe.

Please note that both x and y coordinates count from 0. So by default, only input from 0 to 9 is permitted. If starting position input is invalid, the drawapp window will appear but nothing is being drawn and "Invalid robot starting position" will be printed. Similarly, for invalid direction input, "Invalid starting direction" will be printed.

# Further customisation
You can indeed change the number of cells and size of cells, as well as number of walls and markers generated by changing their corresponding values in the main.c file. 
